docs: about this guide page (#1291)
asyncapi/website: pages/community/styleguide/aboutguide.md

> # AsyncAPI Style Guide
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This doesn't belong here; `AsyncAPI Style Guide` will be a section title on the left-hand navigation. A great example of how this will look is the Generator Tool docs section:

<img width="1225" alt="Screen Shot 2023-02-21 at 5 52 06 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19964402/220500705-a4760ead-f6c2-49d4-95fb-e69a1db0929f.png">

## Introduction

> Welcome to the AsyncAPI Style Guide. This page serves as a guideline to contributors on how to write, structure, and format content/documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the AsyncAPI Style Guide. This page guides contributors on how to write, structure, and format content in documentation.
```

We shouldn't use `/` in technical docs, that's informal so I would use it for blog posts.

> These guidelines help us in maintaining language, tone, and voice throughout the website. It also makes it easier for multiple contributors to work together on a single doc while ensuring consistency, accuracy, and clarity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These guidelines help us maintain language, tone, and voice throughout the website. It also makes it easier for multiple contributors to work together on a single doc while ensuring consistency, accuracy, and clarity. 
```

## Writing Style
Below are some recommendations to consider when writing your pages.

> ### Have your target audience in mind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Identify target audience
```

> Before you begin planning and constructing your content, it is important to know who you are writing for and how the readers will benefit from your content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin planning and constructing your content, knowing who you are writing for and how the readers will benefit from your content is important.
```

This will help you in strategizing and simplifying your writing process.

### Research
Before creating your first draft, it is beneficial to research similar resources and use them as references. Avoid plagiarism or copying and pasting from other websites unless the content already exists on our site.

> 

Reviewer: Can we please add a paragraph/header for `Plagiarism` itself? I want us to actually define what plagiarism is, and provide a few examples of do/don't's. 

EX: actually compare two texts to explain what counts as plagiarism .. even add a scenario explaining how to cite  generated content from ChatGPT

Author: I have added the paragraph, how does it sound?

Reviewer: love it! thank you for specifically remembering to note the ChatGPT plagiarist example :) 

Sorry Thulie, but I forgot to remind you earlier that each new docs **page** and **section** needs:
1. metadata 
2. `_sections.md` 
3.  `index.md` 

<img width="600" alt="Screen Shot 2023-03-06 at 6 34 26 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19964402/223305449-3138a2f2-60cc-4773-9661-d70d0123f876.png">
<img width="600" alt="Screen Shot 2023-03-06 at 6 35 35 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19964402/223305457-77e1bd36-ff9f-4952-9127-03a7121e25a0.png">

➡️➡️ **can you add those to your PR? :)**

Author: Done

> ### Follow the writing principles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Follow writing principles
```

Always avoid adding unnecessary articles in headers.

> When writing our content or documentation, we aim to achieve the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing documentation, we aim to achieve the following:
```

1. When writing `content or documentation`? Uh.. what is the difference between content and documentation? 😜 This is repetitive, so let's stick to documentation. 
2. We should be consistent and use either `docs` or `documentation` each time throughout this doc. Please update all references to one of those options.

> - **Clear** - It is very important that your writing is as clear as possible. Avoid using jargon or ambiguous words. 
> Explain any technical terms in simple and easy-to-understand words while considering your target audience. Additionally, keep your sentences short and sweet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Clear** - It is very important that your writing is as clear as possible. Avoid using jargon or ambiguous words. Explain technical terms in simple and easy-to-understand words while considering your target audience. Additionally, keep your sentences short and sweet.
```

> - **Concise** - When conveying information, it is crucial to be concise. This reduces redundancy and caters to the needs of the reader while providing value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Concise** - It is crucial to be concise when conveying information. Removing redundancy caters to the reader's needs while providing value.
```

- **Consistent** - Maintaining consistency makes it easy for multiple collaborators to work together efficiently. This ensures professionalism while making it easy to implement updates and changes.

> - **Friendly** - Your content/documentation should be relatable. Always use an active voice instead of a passive tone when writing. Moreover, adding some visual graphics and real-life examples helps the reader better understand the information more practically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Friendly** - Your documentation should be relatable. Always use an active voice instead of a passive tone when writing. Moreover, adding visual graphics and real-life examples helps the reader understand the information more practically.
```

- **Accurate** - Lastly, your content/documentation must be accurate and precise. The information provided should be well-researched, appropriate, and not misleading. Readers rely on our content/documentation to solve their needs while saving them time doing unnecessary research.

### Prune and polish

> At this point, it is very important to check grammar, punctuation, and spelling. View your work with a constructive eye while putting yourself in the shoes of the reader. Thoroughly proofread your work and make use of tools such as Grammarly to help polish up your work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is crucial always to check grammar, punctuation, and spelling. View your work with a constructive eye while putting yourself in the reader's shoes. Thoroughly proofread your work and use writing tools such as Grammarly to polish up your work.
```

> ### Ask for feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adress feedback
```

> There's a whole community of contributors who are willing to support you, so don't be shy to ask for feedback. You'll probably go through a lot of rounds of editing and proofreading before you can finally get your docs merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A whole community of contributors is willing to support you via detailed feedback. All documentation pull requests go through several rewriting, editing, and proofreading rounds before they're ready to merge.
```

You made it sound like getting feedback and going through review rounds was an OPTION 😈
